Suzanne's changed.
She's a bloodsucking monster.
She'll suck you dry.
- Got you.
Tyler says hi.
- Why does he say hi?
Whoa, easy.
Who the hell are you?
- I'm Harry.
Just meeting you like this.
I'm glad it happened.
Ah! Arrrgh!
Ever since I was 14, I've been
wasting these pricks.
Now, one of them saved my life.
Why would they do that?
I couldn't let you kill Raquel.
Oh, she doesn't know it yet,
but she's special.
Oh, she's a real game changer.
♫ I'm going to catch you
♫ I'm going to get you
Get you
♫ Oh, ah oh
♫ I want to taste the way
that you bleed
♫ Oh, oh oh-oh
♫ You're my kill of the night. ♫
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
She knows the pricks
who took Suzanne.
She's going to tell us
where they're holding her.
I need an ice pole.
For her, because she's a demon.
I can't tell who is a demon and
who isn't.
What if you end up shoving something
up someone who's not a demon?
That'd be awkward.
OK, right, you go and wait in
the car
before I shove something in you.
You see someone coming in the house,
you call us.
Oh, you make one joke.
Fine. I'll go and wait in the car
like an obedient, shitty
little puppet.
Nice.
Yeah, I know. You should see the art
he brings home.
I've got no idea what any of it is,
but it looks like he's on acid.
Well, do you want to get
a coffee after drop-off?
Yeah, we could go to the new place
with the cupcakes.
OK, great.
She didn't.
Aw, no, no. No-one's pelvic floor
is what it used to be.
I got hiccups the other day.
Little bit of wee came out.
See you tomorrow.
All right, love, bye-bye.
Bedtime! Yes.
Mum? Who are they?
They're friends of Mummy's.
You say hello.
Hello.
You all right?
- Hi.
Why don't you let me put him to bed,
and then we can talk?
Let me put him to bed and then you
can do what it is you need to do.
Please?
OK. Thank you.
That's your muffins to take
to school tomorrow.
Don't let them burn.
Do you think one of you could take
his muffins out the oven?
We didn't come round to help out
with your home baking.
You want to hurry this along,
take the muffins out of the oven.
Mum, they're going to burn, Mum.
OK, OK. Fine.
I'll get the muffins. There's
a cooling tray in the oven door.
Yeah, I think we're done with
the muffin talk.
Your muffin days are over.
Amy, you OK?
I'm fine! It's just the muffins!
Are my muffins burned?
No. Say goodnight to Raquel.
Night-night.
- Night.
Sleep tight.
Mind the bedbugs don't bite,
and if they do, squish them with
a big book.
You listen to me, OK?
No matter what you hear,
you stay in bed.
How did you find me?
You dropped your phone
at the ice rink.
So, I guess I've got it coming
for what I did to Sawyer?
You've more than got it coming.
And I guarantee, it would hurt.
Like... shooting a grapefruit
in reverse.
But there is one way your little boy
gets to keep his mum.
I'll do anything. The pricks you're
with, they took our friend.
Where are they keeping her? I don't
know anything about that.
But I can find out.
I'll make some calls.
Raquel?
Raquel, you OK?
I'm going to need a minute.
OK, maybe more like 30.
Don't you even think about
going up there on your own.
She's the only way
of finding Suzanne.
You don't know...
I'm Sid the Snake.
Good try, cutie-pie.
You come to my home.
Where my son is.
You think this is about getting
your friend back.
You have no idea what's coming down
the track.
A big, nasty-ass train
full of demons!
Ahhh!
Where's my friend?!
I don't know.
- Where is she?
Where is she?!
- Mum?
Situation critical.
Over and out.
The kid starts crying or does
anything even vaguely annoying,
you're going to a hotel.
Is he going to piss or shit himself?
Because that's 800 count Egyptian
cotton.
Do you want to stop being a total
dick and pour me a glass of wine?
Hm.
I don't think you should be on your
own.
You can... stay at mine?
We could have a sleepover?
We'll brush each other's hair and
shit.
Will your brother be there?
He's at work.
He'll be back later. OK.
I'll call you.
Amy?
I know you're probably about to go
do some heavy petting
I intimate touching
I oral pleasure / full penetrative
sexual intercourse,
but before you do that, just give me
a chance to set out my stall,
so you can make an informed choice.
An informed choice?
Between me and her dickhead brother.
Yeah, yeah, cos he's the dickhead in
the mix.
Jake... I know sometimes I can be
rude, graphically, vulgar,
cock-mouthed, but my heart is pure.
I'd never hurt you. I'd never shit
on you,
in either the metaphorical or
literal sense of the word.
I love you.
So, there you go.
Just putting that out there. Jake...
I really like you, as a friend.
It's a big decision. It's huge.
Take your time.
I'm sorry.
Night.
Nice try, man.
I'll find you something to sleep in.
I can't stop thinking about Suzanne.
What if they've already killed her?
If they wanted to kill her, they
could've done it in the forest.
I still don't get why they took her
and left me.
The demon single mum said something
about, "big nasty-arse train
full of demons."
I'm pretty sure that's not
an actual train.
Well, they're not usually this
organised.
We need to be ready to kick some
arse,
because shit is about to get
nasty.
Penguin or cow? - Penguin.
- Right.
Ooh! When you went after the
she-prick on your own like that,
that was very definitely kick arse.
So, I'm not just a wet,
delusional, shitty little princess
with a big spoon face?
I think you can do better with spoon
face, but the attitude?
It's a whole new you. Ooh, erm...
I feel like my little girl grew a
set of balls - lady balls.
That's probably the nicest thing
you've ever said to me.
Hm.
Shall I make is some tea? Yeah, it'd
be great actually, if you could.
That'd be... lovely.
It's a '98 Petrus.
It's really excellent.
You clearly appreciate fine wine!
Help yourself.
Raquel came to my home.
My boy was there.
Do you see me losing my shit and
showing myself?
No. When I feel it building up
inside,
I find myself an innocent bystander
and beat them to death with my bare
hands and... relax.
I want to suck the life out of her
and spit her into the underworld.
Well, for very obvious reasons, I
can't let that happen.
You know how important she is.
Why can't you just lock her in a
basement until you need her?
Raquel is like a fine wine - she
needs time to develop and mature.
We lock her in a basement shitting
in a bucket,
she won't be in the right place
emotionally.
Just chill out. "Chill out"?
Chill out?!
That blonde bitch tried to strangle
me, with a toy snake!
I think one of your tits is
bleeding.
She stabbed me with an F-15 fighter
jet.
Get her - Little Miss Shit Wouldn't
Melt In My Mouth!
I think it's time we remove her from
this complicated equation.
She's totally ruined this bra.
Well, fortunately for me, you and
your bra,
I have something that she wants.
I've got a lever, I just need to
pull it.
Hi. Hi.
I'm having a sleepover.
I mean, with Raquel, in her bed with
her.
OK.
That's a good look for you.
I didn't have anything to sleep in.
Penguin or cow.
Penguin! Penguin every time.
Less bovine.
Do you want a beer?
Sure.
Thanks.
Should we talk? About the other
night, I mean.
Do we need to?
I'd like to. Really?
Some things are better left unsaid.
Unspoken.
It's OK, I get it.
You're not interested, that's fine.
I wouldn't say I was totally
uninterested.
So, you are interested?
Define, "interested."
You really need me to do that?
No. I'm sorry.
I'm being weird.
I got a lot on my mind.
It's been a weird few days.
What's going on?
I'm sorry, it's OK. I mean, you
don't need to tell me.
It's none of my business.
It's my friend.
She's sick.
I'm really worried about her.
I'm sorry to hear that. I've never
had to worry about her before.
She could always look after herself.
She's always done exactly what she
wanted.
How do you mean?
Well, if she likes a guy, she
makes sure they know about it.
You don't? Not as a general rule,
no.
You just hang around in your penguin
costume,
hoping that the guy figures it out
for himself?
It doesn't usually involve a penguin
onesie.
Suzanne's always saying I need to
make some moves.
Sounds like solid advice.
Hm, they're getting jiggy.
Hi. Hi.
You weren't up the hill today.
Erm, yeah, sorry.
I had to come back to town.
You should see the stars out here.
It's so clear.
When I'm back in town, maybe we
could meet up?
Yeah, I don't know, things are kind
of crazy at the moment.
It... it's just really, really bad
timing.
You shared your hill with me, the
least you could do is
let me buy you a drink.
One drink, a shot.
But if you want to do down it and
go, that's fine.
Hugely disappointing, but I'll get
over it, eventually.
Do you want me to beg?
OK. Really?
You made me a very happy man.
I'll call you. OK, bye.
♫ Tell me I'm a diva
♫ Take away my wings
♫ I know I give you fever tonight
♫ Dancing to my rhythm
♫ It's time for me to shine
♫ Shake it for the living
♫ Shout!
♫ I'm ready for the good life... ♫
Where did you find him?
Burger King.
Sorry.
So, it's OK to kidnap me and keep me
prisoner,
but it's not OK to see me pissing in
a bucket?
That's a fair point. I brought you a
little snack.
Ah, ah!
Before you chow down, there's
something I need you to do for me.
No such thing as a free lunch,
right?
I want you to call your little
blonde friend,
tell her where you are.
So, she'll try and rescue me and
then you'll kill her?
Well, I like to think it's a little
more poetic and complicated than
that. Did you think I was keeping
you alive
for sheer entertainment value?
Screw you!
I won't do it!
We'll see.
Give her a taste.
A little something to whet your
appetite, get your juices flowing.
Let me know when you change your
mind.
Help me!
Oh, please!
Please!
Oh!
You are one slutty little penguin.
You want to tell me what's going on?
Or is this just how you roll
out of bed after having sex
with my brother?
Cos the sneak-out, it's not cool.
I think I can see the future.
You can see the future?
I don't know.
I think so. It made me wet the bed.
You wee-ed on my brother?
Not on him. Next to him.
I couldn't be there when he woke up.
It's beyond embarrassing.
It could be worse. It could have
made you go number two. God!
Wanna fill me in
on what you've been seeing?
I'm curiouser than a cat.
The first time,
I saw Suzanne eating cheese.
You saw visions of cheese?
Not just cheese.
I saw Suzanne running through
the woods and then it happened -
I saw her running through the woods.
And so you saw people eating cheese
and jogging.
She wasn't jogging.
It was the exact same moment.
Last night I saw a guy.
He was attacking you.
Who is he?
I don't know.
It was like I was there but there
was nothing I could do about it.
It's totally freaking me out.
I can't end up like my mum.
What, did she age really badly?
I hear that happens to blonde women.
She said she could see the future.
I must get it from her.
She wasn't as crazy
as I thought she was.
Well, there's one big difference
between you...
and your mum. Oh, yeah?
And what's that?
Your mum never had me, dumb-arse.
Right, come on. Hug it out.
Come on. Come get it.
Come get some Raquel love.
Come get it. Come get it.
Come get it.
♫ Got the devil's disease
♫ I've got the jealous in me
♫ So to the jail I plead
♫ He put the devil in me
♫ When he said he would leave
♫ Don't let it end like this
♫ Without my kiss
♫ Oh, and you go
♫ You walk out on me, baby
♫ And leave me for another lady
♫ You are
♫ You are the devil in me. ♫
Seriously?
It looks like they're pouring out
of her lady hole.
I thought that was the obvious
place. You think it should be
her arsehole? No, I do not think
it should be her arsehole!
Does it have to be so...
anatomical?
She's a gateway.
It's a metaphor.
OK.
I'll do it.
We can change the design
of the flyer.
We have already printed the backdrop
at the party venue.
Are you hearing me?
I said I'll do it. I'm coming!
I swear to God,
sometimes I feel like just
fucking off to the Seychelles
and just forgetting
this entire thing!
Right, come on, you, twinkle toes.
Hi.
Well, awkward.
I'm going to get changed.
Kind of ridiculous...
walking around... dressed as a cow.
Move, numb nuts.
Thank you.
So I woke up this morning
and you weren't there.
I wasn't sure what to think.
I was just... having a cup of tea.
Right. Well, I just want to say
that...
...it's OK, don't worry about it.
The bedding.
- Yeah...
I'm sorry about that.
That only happens
when it's really good.
Really? I made you...?
Oh, yeah.
Big-time.
Well, it was good for me, too.
It was great.
Sorry.
Hello?
- Amy?
It's me.
- Suzanne, where are you?
I don't know. They're keeping me
in some old factory.
Can you see anything
with an address on it?
It's a letter.
83 Smith St, top floor.
They're coming. Amy...
Nicely done.
Very convincing.
I'd believe you. Suzanne?
Suzanne?!
Deal's a deal, right?
No! You said I could feed!
You'll feed soon enough.
Cross my heart.
OK, I have to go to the party venue,
see about this backdrop.
Can you believe this shit?
Gates of hell equals vagina.
It says a lot about the guy.
What should I do with him?
Shouldn't have gone to Burger King.
♫ I had me a boy,
turned him into a man
♫ I showed him all the things
that he didn't understand
♫ Whoa-oa
♫ Then I let him go... ♫
You don't have to say anything.
I can tell.
It's all in the eyes.
And between her thighs.
That's fine. It's a woman's right
to choose...
badly.
I respect that.
It's interesting, though.
I said it's very interesting.
What's that? Well...
you spend the night with him
but it's me you call when the shit's
about to start flying.
Hitting fans and splattering faces.
Give it time.
These feelings have to run both ways
otherwise it's just like...
...masturbating into naan bread.
Why naan bread?
Had an Indian takeaway last night.
Some leftovers.
Seemed a shame to waste it.
♫ And the oh, oh, oh's they haunt me
♫ Like gho-o-osts they want me
♫ To make 'em all, all, all
♫ They won't let go
♫ Ex's and oh's... ♫
I saw this building.
You really can see the future?
What? Seriously? She's half-demon
and you can see the future?
Suddenly I'm feeling incredibly
boring and inadequate.
You think I like it? You have
no idea how lucky you are.
Suzanne says they're holding her
on the top floor.
Sorry. Sometimes I wish someone
would just shove something
in my mouth just to shut me up.
Like a dick.
- No.
Like a banana.
- Something dick-shaped, then.
An apple or a pear is fine.
Bitch.
Raquel!
Suzanne.
Get Raquel. Go!
Are you OK? I was so worried
about you.
You shouldn't have come.
I couldn't leave you here.
You wouldn't leave me. Come on.
Suzanne, we have to go.
Shit. She's gone. Come on!
They're coming. Let's go.
Suzanne, get in.
I can't.
What are you talking about?
I haven't fed.
Suzanne, get in. You'll feed
really soon, I promise.
Just hold on. A few more seconds
and we'll be out of here.
Hit it.
No.
They told me to do it.
They made me call you.
They said they'd feed me.
I'm so sorry.
Amy?
Where are you?
I'm with Suzanne.
We're in the lift.
It's stuck.
Ah...
I don't think I can fight this
any longer.
Hey!
Do you remember when we were eight,
and Matt Lee pulled my knickers down
when we were changing for PE?
You kicked the shit out of that
little pervert!
You said, "I'll never let anyone
hurt you."
And you've never let anyone hurt me.
Ever.
Oh, this isn't me!
Suzanne, Suzanne, Suzanne!
Everything we've done,
everything we've been through
together.
I don't care how hungry you are,
you're my best friend.
I've got you.
Amy!
Raquel, get us out of here!
Amy! Amy!
Amy!
I won't let the pricks
do this to us.
We're better than them.
I have to feed. No.
What we have...
...can't end like this.
I won't let it.
Do it.
Amy?
I love you.
I can't live this way.
No!
My God, Amy!
Oh, my God, I thought you were...
- You're bleeding.
I cut myself so Suzanne could feed.
Well, where is she?
MUSIC: Goodnight Bad Morning
by The Kills
Oh...
Oh.
Oh, my God.
Ah, OK.
Ugh...
Is she dead?
It's horrible.
Did you check for a pulse?
The undead don't die so easily.
A pulse? Yeah.
Her body was here and
her head was somewhere over there,
and she didn't grow
a really long neck.
You are more than welcome to go
check for yourself.
♫ Goodnight another bad morning... ♫
So sorry.
You'd have to say that wasn't
a total success.
Really?
That little blonde bitch could
seriously screw up our plans.
You think opening
the gates of Hell is easy?
You can't just give them a little
push and Bob's your uncle!
I swear to God,
if I make it through Halloween
without having a stroke
it's going to be a miracle.
You clean that mess up
and I will try and get our
incredibly complicated plan
back on track, huh?
You think you can manage that?
We're all over it.
I feel better.
Well, you can't bottle
these things up, you know?
It's not healthy.
We should jet wash these guys off
the pavement.
It was my turn to look out for her.
I screwed it up.
Don't say that.
Sometimes there's nothing
you can do.
I couldn't stop them killing my dad.
This shit isn't on us.
There is something we can do -
we can find them
and we can waste them.
I know you're upset,
but you're not going to go all
psycho on me, are you?
No.
Going to go psycho on them.
Going to all that trouble with
Suzanne, I mean,
they really want to take you out.
Why? Think it's because of me.
My dad tried to warn me.
He said there's a real nasty prick
out there.
♫ We wake up tired
♫ We wake up tired again
♫ My head is in your hands... ♫
Thanks for letting me stay.
Being in the flat without Suzanne...
It's cool.
You can stay as long as you want.
I always wanted to share my bed with
a crazy seeing-the-future lady.
Not crazy.
Gifted.
And I always wanted to share a bed
with a potty-mouthed half demon.
If we were gay, we'd be the world's
freakiest lesbian couple.
Probably get some kind of prize.
Are you going out?
It's Pilates.
You mind if I go? No, you should.
You sure? I mean, I... Go.
OK. I'll see you later.
♫ Every night you've got to save me
♫ Every night
♫ Every night... ♫
Hi.
Are you turning round, or do I just
talk to your reflection?
I'm turning.
Hi.
- Hi.
So, I think we've covered hi.
You look great.
Shut your face, idiot.
I did some brawly shit today.
He's not so good -
his cat got run over.
Cat-murdering bitch.
It was a girlfriend.
Raquel! Raquel!
Sorry...
He's the guy!
The guy you got in the car with,
he's the guy I saw attacking you!
You have to get away from him!
Just get away from him!
Call me.
Is that Beyonce? It's Raquel.
Guess that makes more sense,
cos she's a local.
♫ I'm gonna catch ya
♫ I'm gonna get ya, get ya
♫ Oh, ah, oh
♫ I wanna taste the way
that you bleed
♫ Oh
♫ You're my kill of the night. ♫
Subtitles by Ericsson
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org